com/general_hello/commands/commands/DefaultCommands/SetPrefixCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.DefaultCommands.SetPrefixCommand
com/general_hello/commands/CommandManager.java
 com.general_hello.commands.CommandManager
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Call/HangupCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Call.HangupCommand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Entertainments/EntertainmentListener.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Entertainments.EntertainmentListener
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Others/BugCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Others.BugCommand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/RankingSystem/RankingSystem.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.RankingSystem.RankingSystem
com/general_hello/commands/OtherEvents/OnButtonClick.java
 com.general_hello.commands.OtherEvents.OnButtonClick
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Guild/GuildManager.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Guild.GuildManager
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Call/QueueDatabase.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Call.QueueDatabase
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Info/AboutCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Info.AboutCommand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Others/PingCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Others.PingCommand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Emoji/Emoji.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Emoji.Emoji
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Emoji.Emoji$Unicode
com/general_hello/commands/commands/VoiceCall/AudioStorage.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.VoiceCall.AudioStorage
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.VoiceCall.AudioStorage$Audio
com/general_hello/commands/Listener.java
 com.general_hello.commands.Listener
com/general_hello/commands/commands/DefaultCommands/UpdateSlashCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.DefaultCommands.UpdateSlashCommand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Utils/Util.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Utils.Util
com/general_hello/commands/commands/DefaultCommands/ServerCountCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.DefaultCommands.ServerCountCommand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Utils/UtilNum.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Utils.UtilNum
com/general_hello/commands/commands/VoiceCall/onLeaveCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.VoiceCall.onLeaveCommand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Settings/SettingsData.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Settings.SettingsData
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Guild/GuildData.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Guild.GuildData
com/general_hello/commands/SlashCommands/SlashCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.SlashCommands.SlashCommand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Entertainments/Read.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Entertainments.Read
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Guild/DataObject.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Guild.DataObject
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Entertainments/Colour.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Entertainments.Colour
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Register/Data.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Register.Data
com/general_hello/commands/Bot.java
 com.general_hello.commands.Bot
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Entertainments/Clap.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Entertainments.Clap
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Entertainments/Echo.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Entertainments.Echo
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Utils/UtilString.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Utils.UtilString
com/general_hello/commands/commands/RankingSystem/XPAlertCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.RankingSystem.XPAlertCommand
com/general_hello/commands/OtherEvents/onCallMessageReceived.java
 com.general_hello.commands.OtherEvents.onCallMessageReceived
com/general_hello/commands/OtherEvents/OtherEvents.java
 com.general_hello.commands.OtherEvents.OtherEvents
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Info/InfoServerCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Info.InfoServerCommand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/MiniGames/Connect4Storage.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.MiniGames.Connect4Storage
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Call/JoinCallQueueCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Call.JoinCallQueueCommand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/VoiceCall/AudioHandler2.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.VoiceCall.AudioHandler2
com/general_hello/commands/OtherEvents/OnSelectionMenu.java
 com.general_hello.commands.OtherEvents.OnSelectionMenu
com/general_hello/commands/commands/MiniGames/ConnectFourRequest.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.MiniGames.ConnectFourRequest
com/general_hello/commands/commands/CommandContext.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.CommandContext
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Settings/SettingsCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Settings.SettingsCommand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/DefaultCommands/PingCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.DefaultCommands.PingCommand
com/general_hello/commands/Database/SQLiteDataSource.java
 com.general_hello.commands.Database.SQLiteDataSource
com/general_hello/commands/commands/ICommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.ICommand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Info/InfoUserCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Info.InfoUserCommand
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Info.InfoUserCommand$1
com/general_hello/commands/commands/PrefixStoring.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.PrefixStoring
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Register/RegisterSlashCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Register.RegisterSlashCommand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/VoiceCall/AudioHandler1.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.VoiceCall.AudioHandler1
com/general_hello/commands/Config.java
 com.general_hello.commands.Config
com/general_hello/commands/commands/VoiceCall/onCallCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.VoiceCall.onCallCommand
com/general_hello/commands/SlashCommands/OnSlashCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.SlashCommands.OnSlashCommand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Others/BadDesign.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Others.BadDesign
com/general_hello/commands/commands/DefaultCommands/HelpCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.DefaultCommands.HelpCommand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/RankingSystem/SlashCommandContext.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.RankingSystem.SlashCommandContext
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Entertainments/Poll.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Entertainments.Poll
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Entertainments/EightBall.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Entertainments.EightBall
com/general_hello/commands/commands/GetData.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.GetData
com/general_hello/commands/commands/DefaultCommands/UptimeCOmmand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.DefaultCommands.UptimeCOmmand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/RankingSystem/GuildManager.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.RankingSystem.GuildManager
com/general_hello/commands/commands/RankingSystem/RankedUser.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.RankingSystem.RankedUser
com/general_hello/commands/commands/RankingSystem/RoleReward.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.RankingSystem.RoleReward
com/general_hello/commands/commands/VoiceCall/onCallAnonCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.VoiceCall.onCallAnonCommand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Entertainments/RPS.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Entertainments.RPS
com/general_hello/commands/commands/RankingSystem/SlashRankCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.RankingSystem.SlashRankCommand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/RankingSystem/OnGainXP.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.RankingSystem.OnGainXP
com/general_hello/commands/SlashCommands/SlashCommandHandler.java
 com.general_hello.commands.SlashCommands.SlashCommandHandler
com/general_hello/commands/commands/DefaultCommands/PingSlashCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.DefaultCommands.PingSlashCommand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/RankingSystem/Rank.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.RankingSystem.Rank
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Utils/MCColor.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Utils.MCColor
com/general_hello/commands/commands/User/UserPhoneUser.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.User.UserPhoneUser
com/general_hello/commands/commands/DefaultCommands/BugCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.DefaultCommands.BugCommand
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Register/RegisterCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Register.RegisterCommand
com/general_hello/commands/Database/DatabaseManager.java
 com.general_hello.commands.Database.DatabaseManager
com/general_hello/commands/commands/Utils/UtilBot.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Utils.UtilBot
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.Utils.UtilBot$1
com/general_hello/commands/OtherEvents/OnPrivateMessage.java
 com.general_hello.commands.OtherEvents.OnPrivateMessage
com/general_hello/commands/commands/DefaultCommands/HelpSlashCommand.java
 com.general_hello.commands.commands.DefaultCommands.HelpSlashCommand
